README.md, before:

# Personal Blog & Portfolio
Introducing a versatile and free template designed for use with the latest Astro version. This template boasts frequent updates, 
a user-friendly interface, and compatibility with various purposes. Ideal for showcasing your portfolio, crafting blog articles,
and sharing your personal narrative. Unlock the potential to express yourself effortlessly with this template.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
![ov-template](https://i.ibb.co/1GXGRL6/ov-main.png)
![blog page](https://i.ibb.co/THK3vg9/ov-template-1.png)
![portflio](https://i.ibb.co/GFPL2Mq/ov-template-blog.png)
![portflio](https://i.ibb.co/3vPm3hS/ov-template-blog-article.png)
![article page](https://i.ibb.co/XFZ7wM9/ov-template-about.png)
![portflio](https://i.ibb.co/RYbKwCL/ov-template-portflio.png)

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`      |
| `npm run build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Updated UI, integrated i18n, added Russian language for the template, added language switcher, and more.

README.md, after:


#  Personal Blog & Portfolio

Introducing a versatile and free template designed for use with the latest Astro version. This template boasts frequent updates, a user-friendly interface, and compatibility with various purposes. Ideal for showcasing your portfolio, crafting blog articles, and sharing your personal narrative. Unlock the potential to express yourself effortlessly with this template.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

![ov-template](https://i.ibb.co/4WMYGDq/ov-template-main.png)

## ☝️Plans for future updates

 1. Pagination for blog 
 2. Remake menu 
 3. Integration with one of the headless
    CMS (I will choose later)

This roadmap will be updated.

##  🖥️ Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:
### Instalation



| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`      |
| `npm run css`             | Starts `TailwindCSS`                             |
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Deploy

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm run build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
